-   [NAME](#NAME)
-   [SYNOPSIS](#SYNOPSIS)
-   [DESCRIPTION](#DESCRIPTION)
-   [OPTIONS](#OPTIONS)
-   [INVOCATION](#INVOCATION)
-   [THE LANGUAGE](#THE_LANGUAGE)
-   [BUGS](#BUGS)
-   [AUTHOR](#AUTHOR)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[NAME]{#NAME}
=============

nbfc \-- The new brainfuck compiler

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[SYNOPSIS]{#SYNOPSIS}
=====================

*nbfc* \[options\] file

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[DESCRIPTION]{#DESCRIPTION}
===========================

**nbfc** is a new, completely portable compiler for the brainfuck
programming language. It will generate and compile C code or as an
option a Java application.

**nbfc** is quite different from the original brainfuck compiler by the
language\'s inventor Urban Mueller:

**[- It\'s portable. The original bfc was for the Amiga only. nbfc should run on any unix-like system.]{#item__}**

:   

**- It uses standard tools for its implementation and doesn\'t try to obfuscate the code.**

:   

**- It can compile to C and supports the \'\'write once, run anywhere\'\' concept with its capability to generate Java applications.**

:   

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[OPTIONS]{#OPTIONS}
===================

**[-o file]{#item__o}**
:   Generate an executable by the name of *file*. If the **-j** switch
    is given, this will be the name of the Java Class generated.

**[-k]{#item__k}**
:   Keep generated intermediate code (C or Java). The default is to
    delete the `.c` or `.java` file that was generated by the compiler
    and just keep the executable or the `.class` file, respectively.

**[-j]{#item__j}**
:   Generate and compile a Java class instead of a C executable. The
    default is to use C as an intermediate language.

**[-v]{#item__v}**
:   Be verbose. By invoking this switch, **nbfc** will print out lots of
    messages about the state of compilation.

**[-g]{#item__g}**
:   Don\'t compile, just generate intermediate file (C or Java). This
    can be used for debugging. This also tells the compiler no to delete
    the generated intermediate file, as if the **-k** option was given.

**[-c]{#item__c}**
:   Display the copying license. The license is BSD-style and very
    liberal.

**[-h]{#item__h}**

:   Display a short help screen.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[INVOCATION]{#INVOCATION}
=========================

When called without any options, **nbfc** will translate the brainfuck
file given on the command line to C and call a C compiler to produce an
executable.

The executable will have the name `bf.out` (this can be changed with the
**-o** option). The intermediate C file always has the name `bf.out.c`
and will be deleted if the **-k** option is not present.

When using Java as the intermediate language, the default name for the
application is `bf.out.class`, the default name for the Java file is
`bf.out.java`. Both the class name and the intermediate Java code file
name can be changed with the **-o** option.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[THE LANGUAGE]{#THE_LANGUAGE}
=============================

brainfuck is a simple enough language to include the entire official
language describtion in this man page. The following is from the
original brainfuck distribution by Urban Mueller
`<umueller@amiga.physik.unizh.ch`\>, who also invented the language:

\'\'The language *brainfuck* knows the following commands:

     Cmd  Effect                                 Equivalent in C
     ---  ------                                 ---------------
     +    Increases element under pointer        array[p]++;
     -    Decrases element under pointer         array[p]--;
     >    Increases pointer                      p++;
     <    Decreases pointer                      p--;
     [    Starts loop, counter under pointer     while(array[p]) {
     ]    Indicates end of loop                  }
     .    Outputs ASCII code under pointer       putchar(array[p]);
     ,    Reads char and stores ASCII under ptr  array[p]=getchar();

All other characters are ignored. The 30000 array elements and p are
being initialized to zero at the beginning. Now while this seems to be a
pretty useless language, it can be proven that it can compute every
solvable mathematical problem (if we ignore the array size limit and the
executable size limit).\'\'

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[BUGS]{#BUGS}
=============

There is no checking for balanced brackets; if these are not balanced,
strange things may happen. The compiler doesn
