<?xml version="1.0" encoding="ISO-8859-1"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
<head>
<meta name="generator" content="hypermail 2.3.0, see http://www.hypermail-project.org/" />
<title>dev mail list archive: by date</title>
<meta name="Subject" content="by date" />
<style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/
/* To be incorporated in the main stylesheet, don't code it in hypermail! */
body {color: black; background: #ffffff}
dfn {font-weight: bold;}
pre { background-color:inherit;}
.head { border-bottom:1px solid black;}
.foot { border-top:1px solid black;}
th {font-style:italic;}
table { margin-left:2em;}map ul {list-style:none;}
#mid { font-size:0.9em;}
#received { float:right;}
address { font-style:inherit ;}
/*]]>*/
.quotelev1 {color : #990099}
.quotelev2 {color : #ff7700}
.quotelev3 {color : #007799}
.quotelev4 {color : #95c500}
.period {font-weight: bold}
</style>
</head>
<body>
<div class="head">
<h1>dev mail list archive by date</h1>
<map title="Navigation bar" id="navbar" name="navbar">
<ul>
<li><dfn><a href="#first" title="jump to messages list" tabindex="1">214 messages</a></dfn>: <dfn>Starting</dfn> Fri Jan 01 2016 - 10:19:01 CET, <dfn>Ending</dfn> Sun Jan 31 2016 - 23:47:46 CET</li>
<li><dfn>sort by</dfn>: [ <a href="index.html" title="Contemporary discussion threads" accesskey="t" rel="alternate">thread</a> ]
 [ <a href="author.html" title="Contemporary messages by author" accesskey="a" rel="alternate">author</a> ]
 [ date ]
 [ <a href="subject.html" title="Contemporary messages by subject" accesskey="s" rel="alternate">subject</a> ]
 [ <a href="attachment.html" title="Contemporary messages by attachment" accesskey="a" rel="alternate">attachment</a> ]
</li>
<li><dfn>Other periods</dfn>:[ <a href="../1512/date.html" title="Messages archived in the previous period, sorted by date">Previous, Date view</a> ] [ <a href="../1602/date.html" title="Messages archived in the next period, sorted by date">Next, Date view</a> ] [ <a href="../index.html" title="List of all periods">List of Folders</a> ]</li>
</ul>
</map>
</div>
<div class="messages-list">
<ul>
<li><a  accesskey="j" name="first" id="first"></a><dfn>Sunday, 31 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28259.html">[dev] [PATCH] diff: late changes are preferred over early changes</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28259" id="msg28259"><em>Mattias Andrée</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28258.html">[dev] [ANNOUNCE] recall-0.1</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28258" id="msg28258"><em>Dave Kennedy</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28257.html">[dev] [sbase][PATCH] diff: 1 minor bug fix + code improvements</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28257" id="msg28257"><em>Mattias Andrée</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28256.html">Re: [dev] [vis] text_line_end() in insert mode</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28256" id="msg28256"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28255.html">Re: [dev] [sbase][PATCH v2] diff</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28255" id="msg28255"><em>Mattias Andrée</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28254.html">Re: [dev] [sbase][PATCH v2] diff</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28254" id="msg28254"><em>Hiltjo Posthuma</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28253.html">Re: [dev] [sbase] diff</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28253" id="msg28253"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28252.html">Re: [dev] [vis] vis lua integration not working when using lua 5.3</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28252" id="msg28252"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28251.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28251" id="msg28251"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Saturday, 30 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28250.html">Re: [dev] [farbfeld] cubic resizing filter</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28250" id="msg28250"><em>Tim Elliott</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28249.html">Re: [dev] [farbfeld] cubic resizing filter</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28249" id="msg28249"><em>FRIGN</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28248.html">[dev] [farbfeld] cubic resizing filter</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28248" id="msg28248"><em>Tim Elliott</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28247.html">[dev] [sbase][PATCH v2] diff</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28247" id="msg28247"><em>Mattias Andrée</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Friday, 29 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28246.html">Re: [dev] Re: Quick and dirty statistics tool for the UNIX pipeline</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28246" id="msg28246"><em>Mike Hay</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28245.html">Re: [dev] [slock] chown to root:root on install?</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28245" id="msg28245"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28244.html">Re: [dev] Re: Quick and dirty statistics tool for the UNIX pipeline</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28244" id="msg28244"><em>Marc Collin</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28243.html">[dev] Re: Quick and dirty statistics tool for the UNIX pipeline</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28243" id="msg28243"><em>Christian Neukirchen</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28242.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] [slock] React to key release rather than key press events</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28242" id="msg28242"><em>David Phillips</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Thursday, 28 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28241.html">Re: [dev] [sbase] diff</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28241" id="msg28241"><em>Mattias Andrée</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28240.html">Re: [dev] [sbase] diff</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28240" id="msg28240"><em>Mattias Andrée</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28239.html">Re: [dev] [sbase] diff</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28239" id="msg28239"><em>Markus Wichmann</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28238.html">[dev] [sbase] diff3 and beyond?</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28238" id="msg28238"><em>Mattias Andrée</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28237.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] [slock] React to key release rather than key press events</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28237" id="msg28237"><em>FRIGN</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28235.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] [slock] React to key release rather than key press events</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28235" id="msg28235"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28236.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] [slock] React to key release rather than key press events</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28236" id="msg28236"><em>FRIGN</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28233.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] [slock] React to key release rather than key press events</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28233" id="msg28233"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28234.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] [slock] React to key release rather than key press events</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28234" id="msg28234"><em>FRIGN</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28232.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] [slock] React to key release rather than key press events</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28232" id="msg28232"><em>Brad Luther</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28231.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] [slock] React to key release rather than key press events</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28231" id="msg28231"><em>FRIGN</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28230.html">[dev] Quick and dirty statistics tool for the UNIX pipeline</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28230" id="msg28230"><em>Marc Collin</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28229.html">Re: [dev] [slock] chown to root:root on install?</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28229" id="msg28229"><em>Nick</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28228.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] [slock] React to key release rather than key press events</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28228" id="msg28228"><em>David Phillips</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28227.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] [slock] React to key release rather than key press events</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28227" id="msg28227"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28226.html">[dev] [PATCH] [slock] React to key release rather than key press events</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28226" id="msg28226"><em>David Phillips</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28225.html">Re: [dev] [bug] slock gets red before submitting pass</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28225" id="msg28225"><em>David Phillips</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28224.html">[dev] [PATCH 2/2] diff: changes edits are grouped automatically since we do not recognise substitution</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28224" id="msg28224"><em>maandree_AT_kth.se</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28223.html">[dev] [PATCH 1/2] diff: remove printf-macro, fshut reports the potential error</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28223" id="msg28223"><em>maandree_AT_kth.se</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Wednesday, 27 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28222.html">Re: [dev] [bug] slock gets red before submitting pass</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28222" id="msg28222"><em>FRIGN</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28221.html">Re: [dev] [bug] slock gets red before submitting pass</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28221" id="msg28221"><em>David Phillips</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28220.html">Re: [dev] [sbase] diff</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28220" id="msg28220"><em>Mattias Andrée</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28219.html">Re: [dev] [sbase] diff</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28219" id="msg28219"><em>FRIGN</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28218.html">[dev] [PATCH] diff: optimisations</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28218" id="msg28218"><em>maandree_AT_kth.se</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28217.html">Re: [dev] [bug] slock gets red before submitting pass</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28217" id="msg28217"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28216.html">Re: [dev] [bug] slock gets red before submitting pass</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28216" id="msg28216"><em>FRIGN</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28215.html">Re: [dev] [bug] slock gets red before submitting pass</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28215" id="msg28215"><em>Brad Luther</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28214.html">Re: [dev] [bug] slock gets red before submitting pass</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28214" id="msg28214"><em>Brad Luther</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28213.html">[dev] [sbase] diff</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28213" id="msg28213"><em>Mattias Andrée</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28212.html">Re: [dev] [bug] slock gets red before submitting pass</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28212" id="msg28212"><em>FRIGN</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28211.html">Re: [dev] [bug] slock gets red before submitting pass</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28211" id="msg28211"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28210.html">[dev] [bug] slock gets red before submitting pass</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28210" id="msg28210"><em>Brad Luther</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28209.html">Re: [dev] [surf] Fix unaccessible about: pages.</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28209" id="msg28209"><em>Christoph Lohmann</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Tuesday, 26 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28208.html">[dev] [surf] Fix unaccessible about: pages.</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28208" id="msg28208"><em>Claudio Alessi</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28207.html">Re: [dev] [dwm-custom] A script base install helper in user space</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28207" id="msg28207"><em>Germain Bossu</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Monday, 25 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28206.html">Re: [dev] [dwm-custom] A script base install helper in user space</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28206" id="msg28206"><em>Pickfire</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28205.html">Re: [dev] [dwm-custom] A script base install helper in user space</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28205" id="msg28205"><em>Germain Bossu</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28204.html">Re: [dev] [dwm-custom] A script base install helper in user space</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28204" id="msg28204"><em>FRIGN</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28203.html">[dev] [dwm-custom] A script base install helper in user space</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28203" id="msg28203"><em>Germain Bossu</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28202.html">[dev] [surf] hidebackground- black background, expected transparent</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28202" id="msg28202"><em>skotchpine nonconformant</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28201.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28201" id="msg28201"><em>Roberto E. Vargas Caballero</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Thursday, 21 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28200.html">Re: [dev] [vis] vis lua integration not working when using lua 5.3</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28200" id="msg28200"><em>Silvan Jegen</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28199.html">Re: [dev] [vis] vis lua integration not working when using lua 5.3</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28199" id="msg28199"><em>Silvan Jegen</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Wednesday, 20 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28198.html">Re: [dev] [vis] vis lua integration not working when using lua 5.3</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28198" id="msg28198"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28197.html">[dev] [vis] vis lua integration not working when using lua 5.3</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28197" id="msg28197"><em>Silvan Jegen</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28196.html">Re: [dev] [vis] text_line_end() in insert mode</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28196" id="msg28196"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28195.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28195" id="msg28195"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28194.html">Re: [dev] [website] Project ideas page</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28194" id="msg28194"><em>Silvan Jegen</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28193.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] Change an eprintf to a die to stop child from running its own slideshow</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28193" id="msg28193"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28192.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] Change an eprintf to a die to stop child from running its own slideshow</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28192" id="msg28192"><em>David Phillips</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28191.html">[dev] [vis] text_line_end() in insert mode</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28191" id="msg28191"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28190.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28190" id="msg28190"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28189.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28189" id="msg28189"><em>Joshua Haase</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Tuesday, 19 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28188.html">[dev] Re: Pseudo-3D shooter written completely in awk using raycasting technique</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28188" id="msg28188"><em>Black Rider</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28187.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28187" id="msg28187"><em>Matthew of Boswell</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28186.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28186" id="msg28186"><em>Brad Luther</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28185.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28185" id="msg28185"><em>Silvan Jegen</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28184.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28184" id="msg28184"><em>Roberto E. Vargas Caballero</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28183.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28183" id="msg28183"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28182.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28182" id="msg28182"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28181.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28181" id="msg28181"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28180.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28180" id="msg28180"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28179.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28179" id="msg28179"><em>Brad Luther</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28178.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28178" id="msg28178"><em>Martti Kühne</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28177.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28177" id="msg28177"><em>famfop</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28176.html">Re: [dev] Pseudo-3D shooter written completely in awk using raycasting technique</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28176" id="msg28176"><em>Silvan Jegen</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28175.html">Re: [dev] surf</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28175" id="msg28175"><em>Tom Butz</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28174.html">Re: [dev] Pseudo-3D shooter written completely in awk using raycasting technique</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28174" id="msg28174"><em>Jonathen Russell</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28173.html">[dev] Pseudo-3D shooter written completely in awk using raycasting technique</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28173" id="msg28173"><em>Marc Collin</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Monday, 18 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28172.html">Re: [dev] surf</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28172" id="msg28172"><em>Christoph Lohmann</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28171.html">Re: [dev] [slock] won't lock if unclutter grabbed mouse pointer</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28171" id="msg28171"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28170.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28170" id="msg28170"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28169.html">Re: [dev] surf</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28169" id="msg28169"><em>Kamil Cholewiński</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28168.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28168" id="msg28168"><em>Pickfire</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28167.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28167" id="msg28167"><em>Jan Christoph Ebersbach</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28166.html">[dev] surf</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28166" id="msg28166"><em>Tom Butz</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Sunday, 17 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28165.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28165" id="msg28165"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28164.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28164" id="msg28164"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28163.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28163" id="msg28163"><em>Roberto E. Vargas Caballero</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28162.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28162" id="msg28162"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28161.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28161" id="msg28161"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28160.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28160" id="msg28160"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28159.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28159" id="msg28159"><em>Silvan Jegen</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28158.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28158" id="msg28158"><em>Brad Luther</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28157.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28157" id="msg28157"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28156.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28156" id="msg28156"><em>Roberto E. Vargas Caballero</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Saturday, 16 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28155.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28155" id="msg28155"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28154.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28154" id="msg28154"><em>Eric Pruitt</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28153.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28153" id="msg28153"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28152.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28152" id="msg28152"><em>Eric Pruitt</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28151.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28151" id="msg28151"><em>Eric Pruitt</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28150.html">Re: [dev] [st] increase font size permenantly</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28150" id="msg28150"><em>Pickfire</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28149.html">Re: [dev] [slock] won't lock if unclutter grabbed mouse pointer</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28149" id="msg28149"><em>Andreas Doll</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Friday, 15 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28148.html">Re: [dev] [slock] won't lock if unclutter grabbed mouse pointer</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28148" id="msg28148"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28147.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28147" id="msg28147"><em>Matthew of Boswell</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28146.html">Re: [dev] [slock] won't lock if unclutter grabbed mouse pointer</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28146" id="msg28146"><em>Andreas Doll</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28145.html">Re: [dev] [slock] won't lock if unclutter grabbed mouse pointer</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28145" id="msg28145"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28144.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28144" id="msg28144"><em>Brad Luther</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28143.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28143" id="msg28143"><em>ACE</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28142.html">Re: [dev] [st] increase font size permenantly</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28142" id="msg28142"><em>Brad Luther</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28141.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] vis-0.1: first release of a vim-like editor</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28141" id="msg28141"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28140.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] dvtm-0.15</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28140" id="msg28140"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28139.html">Re: [dev] [st] increase font size permenantly</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28139" id="msg28139"><em>Pickfire</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28138.html">[dev] [st] increase font size permenantly</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28138" id="msg28138"><em>Rashad Kanavath</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28137.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28137" id="msg28137"><em>Pickfire</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28136.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28136" id="msg28136"><em>ACE</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28135.html">Re: [dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28135" id="msg28135"><em>Kamil Cholewiński</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28134.html">[dev] [bugs] st clears up upon resize and other little things</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28134" id="msg28134"><em>Brad Luther</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28133.html">Re: [dev] [slock] won't lock if unclutter grabbed mouse pointer</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28133" id="msg28133"><em>Andreas Doll</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Thursday, 14 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28132.html">Re: [dev] [ANNOUNCE] dvtm-0.15</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28132" id="msg28132"><em>Marcel Rodrigues</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28131.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] Change an eprintf to a die to stop child from running its own slideshow</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28131" id="msg28131"><em>Dimitris Papastamos</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28130.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] Change an eprintf to a die to stop child from running its own slideshow</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28130" id="msg28130"><em>Kamil Cholewiński</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28129.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] Change an eprintf to a die to stop child from running its own slideshow</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28129" id="msg28129"><em>Dimitris Papastamos</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28128.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] Change an eprintf to a die to stop child from running its own slideshow</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28128" id="msg28128"><em>Kamil Cholewiński</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28127.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] Change an eprintf to a die to stop child from running its own slideshow</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28127" id="msg28127"><em>Dimitris Papastamos</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28126.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] Change an eprintf to a die to stop child from running its own slideshow</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28126" id="msg28126"><em>Dimitris Papastamos</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28125.html">[dev] [PATCH] Change an eprintf to a die to stop child from running its own slideshow</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28125" id="msg28125"><em>David Phillips</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28124.html">Re: [dev] [website] Project ideas page</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28124" id="msg28124"><em>Anselm R Garbe</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28123.html">[dev] Re: [website] Project ideas page</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28123" id="msg28123"><em>Manu Raster</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Wednesday, 13 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28122.html">Re: [dev] [website] Project ideas page</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28122" id="msg28122"><em>FRIGN</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28121.html">Re: [dev] [website] Project ideas page</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28121" id="msg28121"><em>Martti Kühne</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Tuesday, 12 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28120.html">Re: [dev] [website] Project ideas page</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28120" id="msg28120"><em>hiro</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28119.html">Re: [dev] [website] Project ideas page</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28119" id="msg28119"><em>Anselm R Garbe</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28118.html">Re: [dev] lock (1) - where does it go?</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28118" id="msg28118"><em>Dimitris Papastamos</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28117.html">Re: [dev] lock (1) - where does it go?</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28117" id="msg28117"><em>Calvin Morrison</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28116.html">Re: [dev] lock (1) - where does it go?</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28116" id="msg28116"><em>Dimitris Papastamos</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28115.html">Re: [dev] lock (1) - where does it go?</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28115" id="msg28115"><em>Calvin Morrison</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28114.html">Re: [dev] lock (1) - where does it go?</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28114" id="msg28114"><em>Dimitris Papastamos</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28113.html">Re: [dev] lock (1) - where does it go?</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28113" id="msg28113"><em>Calvin Morrison</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28112.html">Re: [dev] lock (1) - where does it go?</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28112" id="msg28112"><em>Dimitris Papastamos</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28111.html">Re: [dev] lock (1) - where does it go?</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28111" id="msg28111"><em>Calvin Morrison</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28110.html">Re: [dev] [website] Project ideas page</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28110" id="msg28110"><em>Silvan Jegen</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28109.html">Re: [dev] [website] Project ideas page</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28109" id="msg28109"><em>Pickfire</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Monday, 11 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28108.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] Reload on SIGHUP</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28108" id="msg28108"><em>Martti Kühne</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28107.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] Reload on SIGHUP</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28107" id="msg28107"><em>Marc Collin</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28106.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] Reload on SIGHUP</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28106" id="msg28106"><em>Christoph Lohmann</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28105.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] Reload on SIGHUP</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28105" id="msg28105"><em>Greg Reagle</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28104.html">Re: [dev] [website] Project ideas page</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28104" id="msg28104"><em>Brad Luther</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28103.html">Re: [dev] [website] Project ideas page</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28103" id="msg28103"><em>FRIGN</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28102.html">[dev] [website] Project ideas page</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28102" id="msg28102"><em>Brad Luther</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28101.html">Re: [dev] [slock] won't lock if unclutter grabbed mouse pointer</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28101" id="msg28101"><em>Markus Teich</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Sunday, 10 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28100.html">[dev] [slock] won't lock if unclutter grabbed mouse pointer</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28100" id="msg28100"><em>Andreas Doll</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28099.html">[dev] Re: [PATCH] Reload on SIGHUP</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28099" id="msg28099"><em>Charles Lehner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Saturday,  9 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28098.html">Re: [dev] [PATCH] Reload on SIGHUP</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28098" id="msg28098"><em>Christoph Lohmann</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28097.html">[dev] [PATCH] Reload on SIGHUP</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28097" id="msg28097"><em>Charles Lehner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28096.html">[dev] Re: Auto-preview man pages</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28096" id="msg28096"><em>Charles Lehner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28095.html">[dev] [ANNOUNCE] dvtm-0.15</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28095" id="msg28095"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28094.html">[dev] [ANNOUNCE] abduco-0.5</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28094" id="msg28094"><em>Marc André Tanner</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Friday,  8 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28093.html">Re: [dev] automating running and building</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28093" id="msg28093"><em>Teodoro Santoni</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28092.html">Re: [dev] Auto-preview man pages</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28092" id="msg28092"><em>Greg Reagle</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28091.html">Re: [dev] automating running and building</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28091" id="msg28091"><em>Louis Santillan</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28090.html">Re: [dev] Auto-preview man pages</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28090" id="msg28090"><em>Greg Reagle</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28089.html">Re: [dev] Auto-preview man pages</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28089" id="msg28089"><em>Adrian Grigore</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28088.html">Re: [dev] automating running and building</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28088" id="msg28088"><em>Leander S. Harding</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28087.html">Re: [dev] Auto-preview man pages</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28087" id="msg28087"><em>Greg Reagle</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28086.html">Re: [dev] automating running and building</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28086" id="msg28086"><em>Greg Reagle</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28085.html">Re: [dev] automating running and building</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28085" id="msg28085"><em>Greg Reagle</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28084.html">Re: [dev] Auto-preview man pages</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28084" id="msg28084"><em>Greg Reagle</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28083.html">Re: [dev] Auto-preview man pages</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28083" id="msg28083"><em>Greg Reagle</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28082.html">Re: [dev] automating running and building</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28082" id="msg28082"><em>Louis Santillan</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28081.html">Re: [dev] Auto-preview man pages</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28081" id="msg28081"><em>Greg Reagle</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28080.html">Re: [dev] automating running and building</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28080" id="msg28080"><em>hiro</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28079.html">Re: [dev] Auto-preview man pages</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28079" id="msg28079"><em>hiro</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Thursday,  7 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28078.html">Re: [dev] Auto-preview man pages</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28078" id="msg28078"><em>Adrian Grigore</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28077.html">Re: [dev] [farbfeld] version 1 release</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28077" id="msg28077"><em>Marcel Rodrigues</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28076.html">Re: [dev] Auto-preview man pages</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28076" id="msg28076"><em>Roberto E. Vargas Caballero</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28075.html">[dev] automating running and building</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28075" id="msg28075"><em>Greg Reagle</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28074.html">Re: [dev] Auto-preview man pages</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28074" id="msg28074"><em>Greg Reagle</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28073.html">[dev] Auto-preview man pages</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28073" id="msg28073"><em>Adrian Grigore</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Wednesday,  6 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28072.html">Re: [dev] [farbfeld] version 1 release</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28072" id="msg28072"><em>FRIGN</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28071.html">Re: [dev] [farbfeld] version 1 release</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28071" id="msg28071"><em>Calvin Morrison</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28070.html">Re: [dev] [farbfeld] version 1 release</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28070" id="msg28070"><em>Ben Woolley</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28069.html">Re: [dev] [farbfeld] version 1 release</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28069" id="msg28069"><em>Kamil Cholewiński</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28068.html">Re: [dev] [farbfeld] version 1 release</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28068" id="msg28068"><em>Leander S. Harding</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28067.html">Re: [dev] [farbfeld] version 1 release</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28067" id="msg28067"><em>Troels Henriksen</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28066.html">[dev] [farbfeld] version 1 release</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28066" id="msg28066"><em>FRIGN</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Tuesday,  5 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28065.html">[dev] announcing Simple Jabber Tools</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28065" id="msg28065"><em>Greg Reagle</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Sunday,  3 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28064.html">[dev] FOSDEM 2016</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28064" id="msg28064"><em>Christoph Lohmann</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
<li><dfn>Friday,  1 January 2016</dfn><ul>
<li><a href="28063.html">Re: [dev] A replacement for at.</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28063" id="msg28063"><em>Mattias Andrée</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28062.html">Re: [dev] A replacement for at.</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28062" id="msg28062"><em>Kamil Cholewiński</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28061.html">Re: [dev] A replacement for at.</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28061" id="msg28061"><em>Mattias Andrée</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28060.html">Re: [dev] A replacement for at.</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28060" id="msg28060"><em>Greg Reagle</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28059.html">Re: [dev] A replacement for at.</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28059" id="msg28059"><em>Mattias Andrée</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28058.html">Re: [dev] A replacement for at.</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28058" id="msg28058"><em>Kamil Cholewiński</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28057.html">Re: [dev][ubase][PATCH] fix several problems in dd</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28057" id="msg28057"><em>Roberto E. Vargas Caballero</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28056.html">Re: [dev] A replacement for at.</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28056" id="msg28056"><em>Mattias Andrée</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28055.html">Re: [dev] A replacement for at.</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28055" id="msg28055"><em>Mattias Andrée</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28054.html">Re: [dev] A replacement for at.</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28054" id="msg28054"><em>Kamil Cholewiński</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28053.html">Re: [dev][ubase][PATCH] fix several problems in dd</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28053" id="msg28053"><em>Dimitris Papastamos</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28052.html">Re: [dev][ubase][PATCH] fix several problems in dd</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28052" id="msg28052"><em>FRIGN</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28051.html">[dev][ubase][PATCH] fix several problems in dd</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28051" id="msg28051"><em>isabella parakiss</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28050.html">[dev] [sbase][PATCH 4/4] ed: Don't show size of files in no diagnosistic mode</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28050" id="msg28050"><em>Roberto E. Vargas Caballero</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28049.html">[dev] [sbase][PATCH 3/4] ed: add init()</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28049" id="msg28049"><em>Roberto E. Vargas Caballero</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28048.html">[dev] [sbase][PATCH 2/4] ed: Reset modflag in clearbuf()</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28048" id="msg28048"><em>Roberto E. Vargas Caballero</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28047.html">[dev] [sbase][PATCH 1/4] ed: Move modflag=0 to clearundo()</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28047" id="msg28047"><em>Roberto E. Vargas Caballero</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="28046.html">[dev] A replacement for at.</a>&nbsp;<a name="msg28046" id="msg28046"><em>Mattias Andrée</em></a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li><dfn><a id="end" name="end">Last message date</a></dfn>: <em>Sun Jan 31 2016 - 23:47:46 CET</em></li>
<li><dfn>Archived on</dfn>: Tue Sep 16 2025 - 00:48:21 CEST</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="foot">
<map title="Navigation bar" id="navbarfoot" name="navbarfoot">
<ul>
<li><dfn><a href="#first">214 messages</a> sort by</dfn>:
 [ <a href="index.html" title="Contemporary discussion threads">thread</a> ]
 [ <a href="author.html" title="Contemporary messages by author">author</a> ]
 [ date ]
 [ <a href="subject.html" title="Contemporary messages by subject">subject</a> ]
 [ <a href="attachment.html" title="Contemporary messages by attachment">attachment</a> ]
</li>
<li><dfn>Other periods</dfn>:[ <a href="../1512/date.html" title="Messages archived in the previous period, sorted by date">Previous, Date view</a> ] [ <a href="../1602/date.html" title="Messages archived in the next period, sorted by date">Next, Date view</a> ] [ <a href="../index.html" title="List of all periods">List of Folders</a> ]</li>
</ul>
</map>
<!-- trailer="footer" -->
<p><small><em>
This archive was generated by <a href="http://www.hypermail-project.org/">hypermail 2.3.0</a>
: Tue Sep 16 2025 - 00:48:21 CEST
</em></small></p>
</div>
</body>
</html>
