Systems Software Research is Irrelevant (aka utah2000 or utah2k)
================================================================

#### By [Rob Pike](http://genius.cat-v.org/rob-pike/) - August 05th 2000, 23:59 EST

A Polemic
=========

This talk is a polemic that distills the pessimistic side of my feelings
about systems research these days. I won\'t talk much about the
optimistic side, since lots of others can do that for me; everyone\'s
excited about the computer industry. I may therefore present a picture
somewhat darker than reality.

However, I think the situation is genuinely bad and requires action.

Definitions
===========

Systems:
:   Operating systems, networking, languages; the things that connect
    programs together.

Software:
:   As you expect.

Research:
:   Primarily academic research \-- universities and a few industrial
    labs.

Is:
:   Now, not ten years ago, and I hope not in another ten years.

Irrelevant:
:   Does not influence industry.

Thesis
======

Systems software research has become a sideline to the excitement in the
computing industry.

When did you last see an exciting non-commercial demo?

Ironically, at a time when computing is almost the definition of
innovation, research in both software and hardware at universities and
much of industry is becoming insular, ossified, and irrelevant.

There are many reasons, some avoidable, some endemic.

There may be ways to improve the situation, but they will require a
community-wide effort.

A Field in Decline
==================

\
![Graph of new operating systems at
SOSP](systemsresearch.png){width="617" height="453"}

\"Who needs new operating systems, anyway?\" you ask. Maybe no one, but
then that supports my thesis.

\"But now there are lots of papers in file systems, performance,
security, Web caching, etc.,\" you say. Yes, but is anyone outside the
research field paying attention?

Systems Research\'s Contribution to the Boom
============================================

A high-end workstation

1990

2000

*Hardware*

33 MHz Mips R 3000\
32 megabytes of RAM\
10 Mbps Ethernet

600 MHz Alpha or Pentium III\
512 megabytes of RAM\
100 Mbps Ethernet

*Software*

Unix\
X\
Emacs\
TCP/IP\

Unix\
X\
Emacs\
TCP/IP\
Netscape

*Language*

C\
C++\
\

C\
C++\
Java\
Perl (a little)

Hardware has changed dramatically; software is stagnant.

Where is the Innovation?
========================

Microsoft, mostly. Exercise: Compare 1990 Microsoft software with 2000.

If you claim that\'s not innovation, but copying, I reply that Java is
to C++ as Windows is to the Macintosh: an industrial response to an
interesting but technically flawed piece of systems software.

If systems research was relevant, we\'d see new operating systems and
new languages making inroads into the industry, the way we did in the
\'70s and \'80s.

Instead, we see a thriving software industry that largely ignores
research, and a research community that writes papers rather than
software.

Linux
=====

Innovation? New? No, it\'s just another copy of the same old stuff.

*OLD* stuff. Compare program development on Linux with Microsoft Visual
Studio or one of the IBM Java/Web toolkits.

Linux\'s success may indeed be the single strongest argument for my
thesis: The excitement generated by a clone of a decades-old operating
system demonstrates the void that the systems software research
community has failed to fill.

Besides, Linux\'s cleverness is not in the software, but in the
development model, hardly a triumph of academic CS (especially software
engineering) by any measure.

What is Systems Research these days?
====================================

Web caches, Web servers, file systems, network packet delays, all that
stuff. Performance, peripherals, and applications, but not kernels or
even user-level applications.

Mostly, though, it\'s just a lot of measurement, a misinterpretation and
misapplication of the scientific method.

Too much phenomenology: invention has been replaced by observation.
Today we see papers comparing interrupt latency on Linux vs. Windows.
They may be interesting, they may even be relevant, but they aren\'t
research.

In a misguided attempt to seem scientific, there\'s too much
measurement: performance minutiae and bad charts.

By contrast, a new language or OS can make the machine *feel* different,
give excitement, *novelty*. But today that\'s done by a cool Web site or
a higher CPU clock rate or some cute little device that should be a
computer but isn\'t.

The *art* is gone.

But art is not science, and that\'s part of the point. Systems research
cannot be just science; there must be engineering, design, and art.

What Happened?
==============

A lot of things:

PC
--

Hardware became cheap, and cheap hardware became good. Eventually, if it
didn\'t run on a PC, it didn\'t matter because the average, mean,
median, and mode computer was a PC.

Even into the 1980s, much systems work revolved around new architectures
(RISC, iAPX/432, Lisp Machines). No more. A major source of interesting
problems and, perhaps, interesting solutions is gone.

Much systems work also revolved around making stuff work *across*
architectures: portability. But when hardware\'s all the same, it\'s a
non-issue.

Plan 9 may be the most portable operating system in the world. We\'re
about to do a new release, for the PC only. (For old time\'s sake,
we\'ll include source for other architectures, but expect almost no one
will use it.)

And that\'s just the PC as hardware; as software, it\'s the same sort of
story.

Microsoft
---------

Enough has been said about this topic. (Although people will continue to
say lots more.)

Microsoft is an easy target, but it\'s a scapegoat, not the real source
of difficulty.

Details to follow.

Web
---

The Web happened in the early 1990s and it surprised the computer
science community as much as the commercial one.

It then came to dominate much of the discussion, but not to much effect.
Business controls it. (The Web came from physicists and prospered in
industry.)

Bruce Lindsay of IBM: HDLC \~= HTTP/HTML; 3270s have been replaced by
Web browsers. (Compare with Visicalc and PC.)

Research has contributed little, despite a huge flow of papers on
caches, proxies, server architectures, etc.

Standards
---------

To be a viable computer system, one must honor a huge list of large, and
often changing, standards: TCP/IP, HTTP, HTML, XML, CORBA, Unicode,
POSIX, NFS, SMB, MIME, POP, IMAP, X, \...

A huge amount of work, but if you don\'t honor the standards, you\'re
marginalized.

I estimate that 90-95% of the work in Plan 9 was directly or indirectly
to honor externally imposed standards.

At another level, instruction architectures, buses, etc. have the same
influence.

With so much externally imposed structure, there\'s little slop left for
novelty.

Even worse, commercial companies that \"own\" standards, such as
Microsoft and Cisco, deliberately make standards hard to comply with, to
frustrate competition. Academia is a casualty.

Orthodoxy
---------

Today\'s graduating PhDs use Unix, X, Emacs, and Tex. That\'s their
world. It\'s often the only computing world they\'ve ever used for
technical work.

Twenty years ago, a student would have been exposed to a wide variety of
operating systems, all with good and bad points.

New employees in our lab now bring their world with them, or expect it
to be there when they arrive. That\'s reasonable, but there was a time
when joining a new lab was a chance to explore new ways of working.

Narrowness of experience leads to narrowness of imagination.

The situation with languages is a little better \-- many curricula
include exposure to functional languages, etc. \-- but there is also a
language orthodoxy: C++ and Java.

In science, we reserve our highest honors for those who prove we were
wrong. But in computer science\...

Change of scale
---------------

With so many external constraints, and so many things already done, much
of the interesting work requires effort on a large scale. Many
person-years are required to write a modern, realistic system. That is
beyond the scope of most university departments.

Also, the time scale is long: from design to final version can be five
years. Again, that\'s beyond the scope of most grad students.

This means that industry tends to do the big, defining projects \--
operating systems, infrastructure, etc. \-- and small research groups
must find smaller things to work on.

Three trends result:

1.  Don\'t build, measure. (Phenomenology, not new things.)
2.  Don\'t go for breadth, go for depth. (Microspecialization, not
    *systems* work.)
3.  Take an existing thing and tweak it.

I believe this is the main explanation of the SOSP curve.

Unix
----

New operating systems today tend to be just ways of reimplementing Unix.
If they have a novel architecture \-- and some do \-- the first thing to
build is the Unix emulation layer.

How can operating systems research be relevant when the resulting
operating systems are all indistinguishable?

There was a claim in the late 1970s and early 1980s that Unix had killed
operating systems research because no one would try anything else. At
the time, I didn\'t believe it. Today, I grudgingly accept that the
claim may be true (Microsoft notwithstanding).

A victim of its own success: portability led to ubiquity. That meant
architecture didn\'t matter, so now there\'s only one.

Linux is the hot new thing\... but it\'s just another Unix.

Linux \-- the Academic Microsoft Windows
----------------------------------------

The holy trinity: Linux, `gcc`, and Netscape.

Of course, it\'s just another orthodoxy.

These have become icons not because of what they are, but because of
what they are *not*: Microsoft.

But technically, they\'re not that hot. And Microsoft has been working
hard, and I claim that on many (not all) dimensions, their corresponding
products are superior technically. And they continue to improve.

Linux may fall into the Macintosh trap: smug isolation leading to (near)
obsolescence.

Besides, systems research is doing little to advance the trinity.

Startups
--------

Startups are the dominant competition for academia for ideas, funds,
personnel, and students. (Others are Microsoft, big corporations,
legions of free hackers, and the IETF.)

In response, government-funded and especially corporate research is
directed at very fast \"return on investment\".

This distorts the priorities:

-   Research is bent towards what can make big money (IPO) in a year.
-   The horizon is too short for long-term work. (There go
    infrastructure and the problems of scale.)
-   Funding sources (government, industry) perceive the same pressures,
    so there is a vicious circle.

The metric of merit is wrong.

Stanford now encourages students to go to startups because successful
CEOs give money to the campus. The new president of Stanford is a
successful computer entrepreneur.

Grandma
-------

Grandma\'s online.

This means that the industry is designing systems and services for
ordinary people. The focus is on applications and devices, not on
infrastructure and architecture, the domain of systems research.

The cause is largely marketing, the result a proliferation of
incompatible devices. You can\'t make money on software, only hardware,
so design a niche gimmick, not a Big New Idea.

Programmability \-- once the Big Idea in computing \-- has fallen by the
wayside.

Again, systems research loses out.

Things to Do
============

Startups are too focused on short time scale and practical results to
try new things. Big corporations are too focused on existing priorities
to try new things. Startups suck energy from research. But gold rushes
leave ghost towns; be prepared to move in.

\"Why do you use Plan 9?\"

Go back to thinking about and *building systems*. Narrowness is
irrelevant; breadth is relevant: it\'s the essence of *system*.

Work on how systems behave and work, not just how they compare.
Concentrate on interfaces and architecture, not just engineering.

Be courageous. Try different things; experiment. *Try to give a cool
demo.*

Funding bodies: fund more courageously, particularly long-term projects.
Universities, in turn, should explore ways to let students contribute to
long-term projects.

Measure success by ideas, not just papers and money. Make the industry
*want* your work.

Things to Build
===============

There are lots of valid, useful, interesting things to do. I offer a
small sample as evidence. If the field is moribund, it\'s not from a
lack of possibilities.

Only one GUI has ever been seriously tried, and its best ideas date from
the 1970s. (In some ways, it\'s been getting worse; today the screen is
covered with confusing little pictures.) Surely there are other
possibilities. (Linux\'s interface isn\'t even as good as Windows!)

There has been much talk about component architectures but only one true
success: Unix pipes. It should be possible to build interactive and
distributed applications from piece parts.

The future is distributed computation, but the language community has
done very little to address that possibility.

The Web has dominated how systems present and use information: the model
is forced interaction; the user must go get it. Let\'s go back to having
the data come to the user instead.

System administration remains a deeply difficult problem. Unglamorous,
sure, but there\'s plenty of room to make a huge, even commercial,
contribution.

Conclusions
===========

The world has decided how it wants computers to be. The systems software
research community influenced that decision somewhat, but very little,
and now it is shut out of the discussion.

It has reached the point where I doubt that a brilliant systems project
would even be funded, and if funded, wouldn\'t find the bodies to do the
work. The odds of success were always low; now they\'re essentially
zero.

The community \-- universities, students, industry, funding bodies \--
must change its priorities.

The community must accept and explore unorthodox ideas.

The community must separate research from market capitalization.
